Genie

	The sprit that lives in a bottle. When freed grants a wish. When the Genie becomes hostile it makes a wish and wishes for a plate mail.

Mammoth
	
	Pretty normal creatures except that when they die an ivory horn. 

Gremlin
	
	These creatures multiply when they touch water and die when see bright lights.

Dwarf

	Dwarfs are a pretty generic character. Except that they carry pick-axes and dig through walls. They should also have more mithril and other precious metals than normal monsters. You should also be able to bribe them to your side with gold.


Hobbit

	A Tolkien cliche, but don't mind about that. Maybe these creatures could carry more rings (especially rings of invisiblity)

Gnome

Floating eye (or Beholder)

	 When you hit this monster you will fall asleep (a la Nethack)

Titan
Giant

Scorpion

	Poisons.

Lich
	Preferably like in BG2.

Cyclops
Vampire
	
	Should be damaged by too much light.

Minotaur

Kerberus

	Bites with three heads.

Light Bugs (work in progress-name)
      
	These creatures normally are drawn towards light sources.

Dark Bugs (work in progress-name)
     
	These creatures normally are drawn towards darkness.

Necromancer

	Should raise corpses as skeletons and zombies.

Mutant tentacle

	Purple skin. Low agility, but very high intelligence. Can use humanoid weapons.

unnamed (maybe xorn or ghost)
	
	Can go through walls

Huge firefly
     
	Flying. Emits light (might be a useful pet)

Shaman

	Curses at you and so lowers the echantment level of a randomly picked item in your equipment or stack.

Monkey

	(a la Nethack) Fights a short time and then steals one of your items and then tries to run away.

Eddies in space-time continuum

       These horrible "creatures" teleport the player randomly around and sometimes create weird couches. 

Mutated giant mushroom
	
	Most of the time stand idle and sometimes teleport from place to place. Sometimes shoot spores at player. Sometimes the spores could grow to be mushrooms. (not too often though, so the level wouldn't be filled with mushrooms.)

Skunk

	Smells really bad.

Hedgehog

	Monster appearing in level 1 which causes damage to the attacker if he doesn't use a weapon.

?

	Guy who severs bodyparts from any corpse he encounters and laughs diabolically.

Butterfly of storms

	Causes small tornadoes and thunderstorms around the level by flapping its wings.

Hattifattener

	Not dangerous in normal weather, but gathers electricity during thunderstorms and starts shooting lightnings. (always moving through the land without carrying about other monster than may or may not be on their way)

Grid feature

	Zaps people.

Mad cow

	Eating makes the player mad, too.

Pikachu

	Lightning attack. Stats from pokemon.com: size 40 cm, weight 6 kg. Sometimes shouts, "The Primary Main
	Objective is to destroy the Evil Power!"

King Kong

	An ape standing six meters tall.

Mimic

	Like in Nethack.

Ent (or treant)

	Like in LotR.

Hydra

	Attacks everyone around, like Elpuri.

Wumpus

	Appears randomly for a short time on mountanous areas. Pays you something if you catch it.

Mummy

	With the wrapping.

Spider queen

	Named.

Sumo wrestler

	Very fat.

The Monster guarding the Cave of Caerbannog

    (quote from Monthy Python & Holy Grail)
    
    "But follow only if you are men of valor. For the entrance to this cave
    is guarded by a monster, a creature so foul and cruel that no man yet
    has fought with it and lived. Bones of full fifty men lie strewn about
    its lair ... therefore sweet knights if you may doubt your strength or
    courage come no further, for death awaits you all with nasty pointy
    teeth."

    Looks like a rabbit, but in reality, deadly.

Philosopher's stone golem

	Turns everything it hits to gold.

Deep sea blowfish (Singularis minutia gigantica)

	Protects itself from enemies by inflating itself to many times
	its normal size. The bloat poison can be extracted from its body.
