* high priority
// done
/ partly done or needs testing/balancing
(r) rejected
(s) suspended
(d) double entry
(initials +/-) reserved for the following coder, plusses or minuses indicate priority

Lowscore.
Altering the attributes of monsters according to the player's level.
Write msgbuffer to a file command.
(hs) Date to highscores.
It should be possible to sort highscores according to date.
Blood could flow around.
Gods should have more than two effects.
We should give more thought to the role of the gods.
Maybe some keys other than Alt+Enter and Print Screen should also work during getkey?
Double-sized draw of the tiles as a switch.
Size of player should increase from eating.
Pickup all.
Some way of writing a word on a different colour with ADD_MESSAGE().
Blindness.
One should be able to summon tame Bill's Wills from Windoze keys in WMode.
Teleport disabling.
Teleport should bounce back from valpurium.
It should be possible to determine line height as a felist draw function argument. (comment: why?)
Intelligent monsters should read scrolls and use wands.
Several types of critical hits (e.g. one that throws the opponent one square backwards).
Highscores should be crypted somehow.
Stone types.
Script should be crypted or precompiled.
Golems should be able to eat things made of their material to increase size and stats.
Prepare bug-report function that would make bug-reporting easier.
Bill's wills should bloat with rising temperature according to Gay-Lussac's law.
A program which would translate a pcx file into a script content map.
Some variety to monster death messages, e.g. some messages influenced by the cause of death.
Script should have an initial blood level of square option.
Pet donkeys should be able to carry backpacks instead of the player.
Full backpacks should decrease AV, but they would also increase the chance of item damage.
Explosion animation.
Cube-like screenshot system.
//Atavus should do something special on Christmas.
Gurus.
Meditation command.
Opening a banana should remove its peals.
Fire should do extra damage to parchment golems.
As Heikki suggested, when the player jumps in the WMap and is strong enough, he should reach the orbit. (If Valpurus carries the Earth, what orbit is he talking about?)
Attnam's shopkeeper should send an experienced player on a quest to kill his competitor in the main dungeon.
//Ivan should break doors.
Drugs.
Karateka.
Chance-value correlation to change material scrolls.
Monsters should pray and occasionaly be punished by the gods for praying too often.
("You hit the farmer. The farmer prays for Valpurus's help. Valpurus is annoyed. Valpurus smites the farmer with a small hammer. The farmer is slain.")
Special "enemy sighted" reactions. (like what?)
Vampires should be able to polymorph into a bat.
(s) Kicking a throne should yield precious stones. (suspended, Überpriest victory code suspects that thrones are indestructible)
Throw remake using linear extrapolation.
Throw flipping.
Throw speed to conf.
//Monsters that block light.
Pets that resurrect the player.
Compressed savefiles.
Crash save.
Cats and dogs should attack each other even if team comrades.
//It should be possible to unequip party members.
//It should be possible to command party members to flee.
Lanterns should dim over time. (from Antti)
Oil lamps should use oil as their fuel.
Oil could have other uses as well.
Fungi that grow around the player and paralyze him.
Stat point based character generation? (from Antti)
Guilds. (from Tapani Tiilikainen)
Option to change the size of font. (from sturmkoenig2k)
Elemental damage. (from JM)
Zombies should lose weight when they drop lumps of flesh.
//Sophos should appreciate sacrificed scrolls and books more than other gods.
Some death messages should be displayed even if the monster is not on LOS. This would make L6 more interesting, as Ivan's actions would produce constant "you hear a goblin screaming" messages.
Fix wear-time AV inconsistency. (very difficult)
Dark frogs (except Elpuri) should be purified and turned into tame light frogs when holy water is thrown at them.
Fluid should handle melded metals.
In-game manual.
In-game credits.
Valpurus's altar rooms should be frog-shaped.
When we add magic, low level characters should be able to accidentally miscast a spell so that it would produce really weird effects. ("Uh oh! Something went wrong while casting the force bolt. You transform into an ass.")
Something mysterious should happen when one lays a pick-axe on a holy banana of Liukas Vipro.
Intelligent polymorphed monsters should have unique replies?
Hirelings. (from JM)
Books of <skill>. (from JM)
Fighting tactics. (from JM)
Attack magic scrolls. (from JM)
Socketed items. (from JM)
Gambling. (from JM)
Inns. (from JM)
Thief monsters. (from JM)
//There should be more ways to gain pets for non-lawfuls.
If both hands of a kamikaze dwarf are cut off, he shouldn't be able to carry his backpack anymore.
One should be able to buy better bodyparts somewhere in the game.
One should be able to use a scroll of change material on one's bodyparts. ("Your humanflesh head changes into a wooden head"... Well, maybe not :)
Gems should increase score.
Non-fatal battles like robberies.
Angels as enemies.
Amputation.
Beard item.
Monsters that eat other monsters alive, like Nethack's purple worm.
Explosion level.
Mirages.
Mirrors.
Something special should happen if the player is polymorphed into a chicken and loses his head.
Allergies.
Special birth gifts like "big head" that gives more intelligence but increases enemies' chance to hit the head.
Potion effect from fountain.
Bananas should have black dots when spoiled.
High level priests should be able to summon angels.
Kamikaze dwarves should not kamikaze the player if he serves the same god. Instead, they should give him some of their explosives.
Pet priest. (from JM)
Sword of Fire/Frost/Ligthning. (from JM)
Frozen state to monsters. (from JM)
Dialogs. (from JM)
A way to steal from the weapon vault of the Cathedral. (key to secret door?) (from JM)
A scroll that would make a ego-sword flaming. (from JM)
Hunters should ask the player to aid them in a quest battle against a goblin king/mammoth. (from JM)
Pits with sticks. (from JM)
Acid pits. (from JM)
Perception should affect chance of detecting traps. (from JM)
Flying monsters should be more difficult to hit. (from JM)
Flying monsters should occasionally be displaced.
Scroll of create holy/fallen angel. (from JM)
Scroll of light. (from JM)
Scroll of life, permanent hp plus. (from JM)
Book of fire/frost magic which would have random spells. (from JM)
Additional heads for flails. (from JM)
//Fireproof container for scrolls and wands. (from JM)
Desperado attacks like in FFs. (from JM)
Secret doors that can be opened by whistling. (from JM)
Heads on walls that can be talked to. (from JM)
Scribe scroll skill. (from JM)
Deathblow that penetrates armor. (from JM)
Very hard-walled treasure vaults with locked doors in dungeons. (from JM)
Money to humanoid monsters. (from JM)
Stores specialized on potions or scrolls. (from JM)
In Nethack one can leash pets. In Ivan it should be possible that powerful pets leash the player.
//Spiders should make webs.
//Scroll of gold detection that would identify every unit made of gold on the level.
Bananas should act as boomerangs when thrown.
//Zombies should spoil.
Kicking bodyparts and corpses on the ground should spill blood.
One must be able to use a stethoscope on doors.
Jammed bananas.
Kamikaze dwarfs should sometimes have gunpowder golems as pets.
Mutant monster that would have totally random bodyparts from any humanoid in game.
Continue menu could show danger level & dungeon level.
Pocket pick-axe.
Dipping to oceans.
If the player has enormous amounts of items in his backpack, some of them could randomly drop, at least after sight direction is implemented.
Moving diagonally should use sqrt(2) times more AP.
Msghistory max length to conf.
Opening a can should be more difficult with less hands.
Fly function for character.
Item category "rubbish" which would contain bananapeals and roubles.
Material-colored cursor.
Wand levels.
//Talking to oneself should abuse intelligence.
//If you are illiterate you shouldn't be able to read engraved messages.
Possibility to override keys that felist accepts.
Angels should become hostile if the player's relation to their DivineMaster drops radically.
Explosions could be m-colored: this way magical explosions could look different.
WoDC should clone its own material to created doors.
Wishing for "corpse" should give something.
Poison should spread from bodypart to bodypart. (from JM)
Titles and bonuses. (from JM)
Informative pictures to message panel. (from JM)
If one the player mounts an ass and has a carrot in the inventory, it should be held automatically in front of the "vehicle" to increase speed.
An amulet of life saving worn by a skeleton or zombie should either kill it or transform it into a living human.
Healing liquid should severely damage undead.
In my (Timo's) opinion, we should add some powerful undead monsters and maybe a boss soon after the latter is done, as dipping a weapon into healing liquid then becomes rather a useful tactic.
Wand of resurrection should behave correctly when zapped at undead.
Werewolves (wolf form) should maybe be nonhumanoids.
One should be also able to wish for terrains, like an altar of Valpurus.
It should be possible to specify the material when wishing for items.
//It should be possible to specify the material when polymorphing into a golem.
Allow animate and allow alpha blend options to configuration.
Draw during automated action as an option.
We could show a scroll bar during reading, digging etc. that would show the remaining time needed for the action's completion.
Some balancing related game values like GLOBAL_WEAK_BODYPART_HIT_MODIFIER should come from the datafiles.
Handling flying bear traps.
Punishing people kicking bear traps.
Priests should be created using CreateDivineConfigurations.
(r) "Bang your head at" command.
Whips should sometimes remove the helmet of the target.
Page up should work correctly in felists.
If a melee hit is blocked with a weapon, the attacking arm should take damage.
//Mistresses should not exchange their whips for any other weapons.
Some monsters should be generated in groups.
Monsters with multiple configs should advance in levels.
Wings should be bodyparts.
It shouldn't be possible to mutate nor resurrect non-living bodyparts.
(hs--) A special message should be printed when zapping a WoR at a bone or a skull.
Hallucination state.
"There is no door to close, silly."
Bodypart state system.
Poisoned bodypart state.
Bleeding bodypart state.
It should be possible for a critical hit to sever a lump flesh.
//Gold golems should be immune to acid.
//Mommos should do acid damage.
It should be possible to dig the ground to create a hole through which you could fall to the next level.
Potion of death/döden. (from Atte Aholainen)
Physical damage should be divided to slashing, blunt, piercing etc. damage. (from Atte Aholainen)
//Player with low dexterity should sometimes be caught up applying his own bear trap (or disarming a mine).
Metal detector.
More info about players' old games in highscore list (maybe a sub menu).
Stressed state should slowly decrease player's size.
Being satiated or bloated should decrease move ease.
If HP == MaxHP, healing liquid should increase MaxHP a bit.
Metal should look different from other materials: the lighter parts should be even lighter and darker parts slightly darker to increase the contrast.
//Corrosion for materials.
(r) Acid blobs. (needs corrosion, //might also be done by changing mommos)
Frost weapons should gradually develop ice which would increase damage and disappear after successful hit.
(r) Healing liquid should cure poison.
Dobbelganger.
Lick command.
Bulimia state.
It should be possible to slip on a bloody floor.
//Fluids could spill also over character pictures.
//Spruces should block light.
Reading holy books should aggravate certain monsters.
Time bomb.
(hs---) Prohibit vomiting over the Avatar.
Monster that only sees in red, green or blue light.
Page up, page down, home and end should work with message panel.
If Petrus is attacked via a ranged weapon, his guards should jump in the missile's path to protect him and scream "NOOOOOOOOOH!"
Monsters that have died of poisoning should be poisoned when eaten.
//Carrot that would increase perception a little.
Eat, drink and offer selection should accept multiple items.
If something inside a chest explodes, the container should be completely destroyed.
Fly system should be remade (with the ability of having two or more items in the air at the same time).
Picking up VERY heavy items should be prohibited.
If an invisible monster hits the player, a Nethack-style question mark should be displayed in its square.
New artifact: Banana Bunch of Plenty, which can be applied every day to get free bananas.
In Attnam there should be thought guards that use amulets of ESP to spy on citizens and have rings of teleportation and teleport control which they use to enter to suspicious people's houses.
When picking up many items the overall weight of the items should be displayed.   
The smith of Attnam should have a golden statue of a woman in his closet. (A Kalevala reference)
Wishing for a plate mail shouldn't yield a leather armor.
Money unit and its plural and symbol should be possible to define from config.
//Scroll of harden material.
Broken bananas should spoil faster than intact ones.
//Wand of resurrection shouldn't work on golem corpses.
Coconuts falling from palms.
Changing keyboard layout (some people don't seem to like numpad).
Reflecting items (mirror and shield of reflection).
Mellis could act as a small shop when prayed to.
//Msg from hit should depend more on weapon and there should be more variation. ("the monster STABS you with its wooden spear").
Some monster types should taunt the player.
//Breaking different wands should cause different effects.
Scroll of level teleport.
Once implemented, the game saga should show how many times the player has polymorphed.
Getting knowledge of all gods should be rewarded somehow.
If a fireball beam doesn't hit anything, it should still explode at the end of its range.
(r) It should be possible to give the smith a better hammer so he could fix mithril items, too.
SWeaponskills for gauntlets and boots.
Deaf state in which the player can't hear explosions, can't converse and in the future can't hear footsteps etc.
Explosions should sometimes trigger the deaf state.
The Cathedral should employ a gardener whose duty is take care of the firs around the building.
An environmentalist character who would protest outside the Cathedral against the imprisonment of the dolphins.
Monsters shouldn't drink antidote liquid if they don't need it.
Ask for auto wear for picked up items.
The spirit appearing in fountains should have a picture.
Town portal scroll.
Small shadows for items. (one pixel right and down from the items graphic)
"Select the direction you wish to enter Attnam from".
Petrus should offer a small meal for player when he first visits him.
Unlike their colleagues, Nefas's angels should have a groin.
Priests, Petrus and angels should be able to resurrect dead pets.
//Mushrooms in forest. Cause odd effects when eaten.
//Movement mode: run.
Movement mode: stealth.
"No load" mode (if weight of stack < 1 kg)
Flaming sword should burn the player if he doesn't have gauntlets. 
Items inside shelves should take damage from explosions.
Lanterns inside glass chests should still emit light.
Axes should also be used for going through doors. (a la Shining)
(r) Golems' corpses should be somehow useful. (eg parchment golems should give out parchment scrolls)
Finding Attnam in the map can be difficult if the distance is long.
//Make golem scroll.
//Weapons should become covered with blood when monsters are killed with them.
//If a player vomits in a shop after eating an item bought there, the shopkeeper should say something like "No returns".
Zapping food with wand of slow/haste should slow/fasten the spoiling time.
Enchantments should increase thunder hammer's lightning possibility or lightning damage.
One should be able to fix non-living bodyparts with a scroll of repair.
Vodka should increase or decrease wisdom. (probably determined randomly) 
(hs) Monsters that can eat already spoiled food without damage. (eg zombie)
Lightning and metal items should interact somehow.
Skis.
Footprints.
Carnivorous plant seeds.
Town hit by "zombie-plague".
Panicking should be more probable when friends around the character have panicked.
If the player has enough wisdom, the game should warn about obviously damaging food.
Invisible creatures carrying a light source should be revealed.
//Wielded wands should sometimes break in fights.
IVAN's linux version should be distributed in rpm form, too.
There should be an "unusable" state for bodyparts about to be severed.
There should be more ways to put back or summon missing bodyparts of pets.
It should be possible to change materials of golems and other monsters.
//Windows on walls.
One should be able to wish for a new limb.
Ring of conflict should cause two-headed mooses to kill themselves.
//You should be able to wish for anything. (Very problematic, I know)
Leash.
Cows that eat plant fiber.
Cigarettes.
You should be able to kick an eating dog to teach it not to eat that thing again.
Guillotine.
Eating only unspoiled food should require a bit of wisdom.
(r) Iron and other "good" materials should become more probable for items. (WHY?)
Monsters with ESP should be seen from a longer distance with ESP.
Pets should also be seen from a longer distance with ESP.
Rings of teleportation on the ground should occasionally teleport around the level.
Characters wearing bright colored cloaks should be more visible in the dark.
//Fire immunity for imps.
//One should occasionally pray to a wrong god when confused.
(hs) When showing inventory at the endgame, equipment should also be displayed.
If the player has a floating eye in his team and has ESP, the eye's field of vision should be added to player's LOS.
Potion of receive random stat (better name needed).
Options for sorting massacre history.
Magical compass that shows the way to Attnam or other major city.
Shops should replenish their inventory frequently. (from JM)
Exploding potions (other than vodka). (from JM)
Wand of create monster. (from JM)
Wand of healing. (from JM)
/Disease. (from JM)
Different kinds of jewels. (from JM)
Monsters that are afraid of fire. (from JM)
//Harp of charm which tames monsters. (from JM)
Pipes.
Magical herbs.
More shapes for rooms.
Slight variation to weapon properties.
Slipping on ice. (from JM)
Bridges. (from JM)
Outposts. (from JM)
Berries in forests. (from JM)
Game in forest. (from JM)
Bandits. (from JM)
Camp fires. (from JM)
Digging potatoes. (from JM)
Whirlpools. (from JM)
//Stamina. (from JM)
Marketplaces. (from JM)
Fish. (from JM)
Floods. (from JM)
Wand's explosive effect strength should depend on its charges.
Alpha halos to some other items, too.
//Arm m-color 3 should be allocated for gauntlets.
Shirt of the Golden Eagle shouldn't emit light unless it's worn.
Using the lookmode while polymorphed into a floating eye should have a special effect.
Raining frogs.
Zombies transporting vodka.
Hangover state.
(hs) Gods shouldn't like spoiled corpses.
Teleport trap.
Poisoned food.
A wand which could penetrate walls.
Lockpick item.
Mjolak should do more energy damage if the player has good relation with Cruentus.
Very high damage should sometimes leave permanent scars, which would decrease charisma.
Number of turns in high score list.
Ghost and Bill's wills should be able to change level anywhere.
Nymph hair should burn.
If one tries to eat the holy banana, there should be a boolquestion to prevent accidents.
Mistresses should sometimes kick male players in the groin.
(hs---) Banana peels should become bananas if zapped with a wand of resurrection.
Wand of digging.
Skeletons should throw bones at dogs.
Uses for engraving. (random magic word?)
One should get some score for pets.
//Message for bottles breaking inside chests.
//Bear traps made of stronger materials should do more damage.
If the player has a wand of resurrection, a ghost should steal it and float quickly to raise his corpse.
Unarmed accustomization.
(example) Hex is dead. Player starts game with the name Hex. He should be called Hex II (should be togglable).
The game should ask player whether to unlock a door with a key or not.
Thunder hammer's power should be proportional to relation with Loricatus.
The smith should repair pet golems.
Golems should pick up and read scrolls of repair.
Blindfold.
"Walk through walls" state.
//Being confused should decrease chance to hit.
Rabbits should be brown in summer and white in winter, as in real life.
Houses floating in water.
Fountain of youth.
Sometimes when taking (really bad) damage the player might receive permanent wounds (or in other words loose a couple of points from the MaxHP of the bodypart taking damage.)
If one monster can see an invisible player, then it should reveal his location his comrades, too.
Cave paintings.
List of dead friends.
//New fountain effect: the fountain could suck the player inside and he would come out from another one in some other level.
//New fountain effect: random level teleport.
Carnivorous plants should be carnivorous, not anorectic.
(hs) There should be an option to display weapon skills at the end of the game.
Loricatus shouldn't change whips to steel.
Ikiros should forge weapons from raw materials provided by the player.
Kiss command.
Cloak of fire resistance should protect items in the inventory from fire.
Eyeglasses.
[IGOR] Reload option.
[IGOR] Copy picture.
Shift + direction should act as go command.
Flying monsters can fly over jungle...
Jussi The tenant farmer wielding a hoe on some swamp.
Snow pines should change to regular pines when kicked a few times.
//Library improvement - When walking towards the book cases should show the inventory (like with doors)
Wand of change material (change everything in wand path to material of the wand).
//Go should stop if the player teleports.
Ability to absorb specific elemental damage.
Corpse which makes you sober.
Ivan should buy vodka from player.
(hs) Big t and p should work when controlling containers.
There could be possibility to revive a pet by praying (from shvagier (?))
//Better mines.
Wand/scroll of fire barrier (from shvagier (?))
Petrification state.
(hs-) One armed characters should get discounts in Attnamian stores.
Confuse should affect throwing also.
There should be a special effect for selling empty potions.
(hs-) Polymorph beam should change engraved messages to random gibberish.
(hs) Breaking a staff of wondrous smells should result in a lot of erupting gas.
Leather should have several possible colors. For instance mistress should wear black leather.
//Polymorphing from nonhumanoid back to humanoid should autoequip items.
Potion of ommel spit which would increase random attribute.
//If Vesana is slowed, plants should be created at half speed.
Drinking and surviving a potion of poison should give some permanent poison resistance.
'.' in battle should act as a defend command, which would double the chance of blocking.
Fortune cookies.
Changes in attributes should be highlighted by some other colored font. (in the sidebar)
Detonator and starting explosive. When applied the detonator explodes the small other explosive. Could be useful to start big explosions.    
Vesana and other big monsters should also vomit much more than smaller creatures.
Doing evil/good deads should have greater effect on the god on whose altar room the deed is done.
Mutant limbs should be of different color (maybe even have a different picture?), they should emitate light and drip odd liquid occasionally.
//Leprosy state.
Randomly generated bonefiles.
(hs) Faster scrolling for look mode. (maybe when shift is pressed)
(hs--) Petrus' birthday (petrus gives player 1 banana).
When an earthquake is shaking the level, the game screen should randomly shift position by a pixel or two every second or so.
Pandora's box item - contains a number of horrible parasites and diseases like leprosy.
Stone of Deucalion - transforms into a man when thrown.
Stone of Pyrrha - transforms into a woman when thrown.
The player shouldn't be able to pick up infinitely many infinitely big items. Its rather odd that a spider can have a large chest in its inventory (it can't move it, but IMHO it shouldn't even be able to pick it up).
Magical ribbons.
(hs) Graphical effect for Mjolak's energy attack.
Bananas should return when thrown (they are boomerang-shaped).
How much a monster can eat should depend on its volume (pet rats eat exactly as much as mammoths before they become bloated and stop).
When seasons are integrated, bears should hibernate through winter.
(hs) Loricatus should change weak golems to steel.
(hs+) Statistics about the real time spent on a game and the average spend on a turn.
New über-artifact: The Holy Grail.
New über-artifact: The Lance of Longinus.
//Scroll of detect material.
Scroll of possession.
//Gods should give items attached to them.
//Bear trap price should depend on material.
Dwarven tear gas grenade.
The Holy Hand Grenade.
Artifact black belt - increases martial art skills.
Scroll of protection.
Scroll of invulnerability.
//Maybe one should be able to polymorph into a creature only if he has seen one of its kind at least once.
Soap of brainwashing (applying charms monsters; potion of water needed also).
Living mud.
Scroll of omnipotence.
Unicorn horn item.
New snake types.
Blink dog drool should blink and teleport around.
Shops and some other places should close for the night.
Creation of magpies depends on dangervalues. (maybe a problem)
//When team member doesn't see leader but sees a teammate he/she/it should try to go near the teammate. 
(hs) Maybe players with 0 points shouldn't be recorded in highscores.
(hs-) Drinking vodka (maybe just getting confused) should improve relations with Nefas.
Items in bonefiles should spoil a bit before player enters again. 
Equipment weight to inventory.
(hs) Levitating mushrooms should be able to move.
(d) Offering many items at the same time.
Running and levitating.
//(hs+) Autovomiting should choose various squares.
Wands show "times used" even if they come from a bone file. This shouldn't be so.
Hunter (hunts with bear traps).
Taxidermy.
Hunters should carry stuffed heads of random animals.
Crown item for the goblin king.
Pets should be able to drink from fountains.
The message which informs that an item has been broken should indicate who carries the item.
(hs) There should be a possibility to examine an item (show materials etc.) in the inventory screen.
Goblins should be generated tame if goblin king belongs to the player team.
//Kill reasons to the "killed by other reasons" list.
If the player is poisoned, he should be able to slow the poison's effect by standing still. (from Henri Kiviluoto)
He should be also able to call 112/911.  (from Henri Kiviluoto)
The pictures of mirrored creatures should also be mirrored and their limbs swapped.
Things less dense than a liquid should float in a square full of that liquid.
Simple protection for changing highscore files. Needed if list of best scores is done.
If a creature has lost all its limbs, leprosy should drop its head.
Good NPCs should try not to use ommel bone/tooth weapons.
Death message for team member killing each other while confused should be "X killed by confused Y".
Lair of the Loser Kamikaze Dwarf somewhere below Dark Level (he destroys half of the level with him, if he somehow manages to light his megaexplosives).
Magic carpet.
Lobotomised state.
Geysirs.
Damaged bodyparts should work less well. (ie. when arms are damaged armstrength should go down)
Wand of Polymorph to X (where X is a monster)
Magic hassel which causes invisibility. (from Henri Kiviluoto)
Stickiness value for materials.
Detecting spider silk should identify webs in the level.
Eddies should teleport smoke, fluids and webs around.
Spilling blood on Seges' altar should anger Her.
Altars should have special features like healing on Seges' altar.
Golems' wisdom shouldn't rise.
"Depressed" state.
"Psycho" state.
The holy kiwi of Oily Orpiv.
The holy pineapple of Oily Orpiv.
If the player has a giant beard, Richel Decos shouldn't pay him for wearing the ad shirt, since the banana logo can't be seen by anyone.
"Berserk" state.
There should be a possibility that Vermis teleports away bodyparts it hits. It is not very useful as it is now.
Boulders should cast small shadows in sunlight.
Explosions should break pineapples and kiwis, leaving only some juice to the ground.
A frog should be able to use its long, sticky tongue as a ranged weapon and catch small creatures up to three squares away so it may digest them afterwards. Elpuri should also be able to catch man-sized creatures who would find themselves in its acidous stomach, like they would have been engulfed by a purple worm in Nethack.
Every 10000th new game or so IVAN should make a Nethack level 1 represented by ASCII characters and show it instead of the real one, print the standard Amulet of Yendor story, ask for key press, then print "Oh gosh. Wrong game, sorry!" and continue the original game.
